CVAT docs: integration/fiftyone doc (#5153)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/integration/_index.md

---
title: 'Integrations'
linkTitle: 'Integrations'
weight: 2

> description: 'This section contains information about the tools what are integrated into CVAT.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'This section contains information about the tools that are integrated with CVAT.'
```
